sweet fucking Zappa I am about to play
see I didn't even have to say it yeah we
finally get a Sonic and Mario crossover
and what are they doing the fucking
hundred meter dash
I had tested this game so I have a safe
file here so I might as well use it
single player single match
let's see athletics aquatics gymnastics
archery table tennis fencing shooting
and cycling let's go with fencing that
would be interesting alright um you know
I probably should play as a sonic
character this is a sonic feature so I
would I think speed tie a skill type
would be good for fencing so let's go
with tails
thank you to it oh I can't masturbate
all by myself
so we're gonna play a little fencing as
tails so stylus end button is a boy all
right
it's controller
move left and right with the control pad
or press the Y button for left okay
and put quickly in the same direction
and take a quick step slide toward your
phone on the touchscreen to attack your
opponent all right I get the point
tails versus shadow an apparently vector
is fighting Amy if ami wins about laughi
that's fine
tails of the frickin sword why not
shadow the sprayer shadow has employed a
gun in his blow his fucking film off ten
point game
Hong Kong or
where are you going dude see what kind
of fucking lunge was that it seemed to
parry here we go
fuck you oh you kid
come on come at me bro oh really
oh my bad oh yes kick there we go Oh
dickhead
I don't do so I lost royally there try
it again huh Oh snarling Gallow replay I
don't want to see the replay it sucked
the first time I lose
oh wow factor versus tails have a
loser's bracket man oh man
fucking fencing
so Amy did win that's hilarious TenPoint
guys do this um yeah
yeah
no dickhead
no penis fuck
there we go
come at me bro
to be trading blows now
catch it
and get the hang of it as dicking around
at first there we go it's over I did oh
yeah quiche
oh yeah yeah why nice boy yeah I don't
need the replay it's cool we don't
replay is fine we don't even we we so I
came in third
all right so let's try it let's try a
different event and then I'm really
gonna say fuck this game like one more
so I got a bronze medal it's not bad I
mean she's not exactly championship
let's try I was just let --ax let's see
the 100-meter dash and so I made a joke
about that in the beginning okay I mean
you got to use the speed characters and
I guess I guess Sonic would be the
logical one I mean would it be hilarious
if you're playing a Sonic in a racing
type situation would be the 100-meter
dash and you get beaten by Bowser like
Wario or somebody I mean if you could
beaten by Bowser - happy hilarious
because it's stylus rubbing the stylus
on the screen I get it all right or in
my case the mouse is the only way I can
record a DS game
now Wario and Ann Bowser and while Luigi
well why do we all the way just lame oh
shit I let go of the button I felt
alright well
on your mark let's try that again
here we go
there we go
and first place we know sauna can run
faster than this he should have went
around the track like five or six times
already it's got a slowdown so that law
Rio is a threat salario actually did
pretty good
well while Luigi did best but well I'm
not why are you actually be well the
wage you look at that okay that's that's
crazy that is nuts
well the wage is like the worst
character ever I mean really all right
that's enough I would try another event
but you know to hell with that man that
that's just not gonna happen so I'll see
you guys tomorrow we still have more
Sonic to play yay I'll see you then